Hello 
I am Jin from China (email: robinhooddavid001@gmail.com).
Thanks for taking time to reviewing my suggestion

I hope that you will read this and reply to (robinhooddavid001@gmail.com) if you are interested in.

-If you have Upwork Account, I’m going to use it from your computer via Teamviewer or Anydesk remotely. 
-In case you don’t have your account, you can create it newly.
1.	While use your upwork account, I’m willing to pay you 10%(or as discussion) of my earnings per month.
Note: 
The reason why I’m going to pay you per month.
 Upwork sometimes needs Video verification and ID verification.
The reason why I have to use your account via your computer on your local.
 Upwork needs Video verification and ID verification if the IP changes.
The reason why I can’t run away with your Upwork Account
I can never pass through the Video and ID verification without your help.
I can not login to upwork on my local because of IP change.

I am planning to have a video call with you soon because I have to work with you for at least over 3~5 years.
Really, I have to keep a long term relationship with you.

Is it legal for you to creat newely or lend me your account?
It never be illegal to your country law. 
As Upwork is some private company, It's just one company's rule,not the law of a country.
Next thing, I’ll need to create account via remote connection on your local if you don’t have account and 
Recently I have been trying to create some account on Upwork to grow my outsourcing/freelancing
development but I can’t it myself because I am from China.
I tried to create some fake accounts but as result, it never was good solution for me.

Why I need some accounts on Upwork?
My answer is very simple. If I have some Upwork account, I can get hired with higher rates by some clients.
I hope that you don’t mind to create some account under your personal info like name, address, and
others. 
If you help me to create some account,

Why I need access to your local?
I can create account using some VPN or VPS to avoid IP/Location issues but their proxy will be detected
by Upwork. After all, it will be banned by Upwork.
Even so I get access to your local, I’ll never need any data from local and steal your data in any case.
If you work on your computer full time, I'm willing to give you a computer
As this is a long-term contract, if you accept my offer, 
Looking forward to hear from you.
Best,
Jin



